# technical-writing
This is a wee project based on a technical communications course
conducted in Darwin at NTU (SIT-103) as part of the computer science
course. The notes themselves were produced by Ian Stead who was the
technical writer on the Telectronics 4210 Defibrillator project.The
notes are intended to provide training for engineers joining the team
and focuses on technical writing in a safety/applied area. 

The remainder of the notes were produced by Phil Maker and may be of
some interest. It is intended that the wiki will be used for producing
some references to more recent material or if people are interested 
I'd like to use it as a reference for other tasks (e.g. startups).

## Background to the github project (Phil Maker)

As someone who failed english for vegetables in high school (49%) and
ended up teaching CS in the 90's I found it somewhat strange that I
got tagged with SIT-103 Technical Communications. The normal reasoning
went, well its Concurrent Programming give it to Phil as the high
propellor head programmer.

Given my lack of ability we employed Ian Stead who had acted as the
technical writer on the development of an implantable defibrillator
at Telectronics in the 80's. Ians work was fundamental to that
projects success and he had developed material for a course that was
used for new engineers within Telectronics. 

In my humble opinion delivering an industrial based course within an
academic program was a good thing. I have been using the notes since
then in a variety of industrial and consulting jobs. Currently I'm
working in the power utility industry where a few people could perhaps
use the information contained in this course. Enough rambling.


